 Creative/Activist Project: Project parameters

For the final culminating project of the semester, students may choose to do an activist project or a creative project, and they may opt to work on their own or in groups of 2-3.  The central goal of the final project is to select a person, a text, or a theme that is related to the power of women’s anger that you want to learn more about, and design an exploratory project that suits your own learning style and interests.

For an activist project, perhaps you want to share what we are learning in class with others through a social media campaign or a workshop, with the goal of reaching a broader audience. Or, maybe there is something that you are angry about on campus or in the community that you would like to hone into a proposal for change. Maybe there are topics that we did not have a chance to address in class that you would like to investigate more, and formulate into a website or poster campaign.  Another potential idea would be to curate an exhibit or art or artifacts someplace on campus where people can interact and engage with the topic.

Note: the actual finished product needs to be ready by the end of the semester. If you want to do a workshop, you need to actually do a workshop before May 10th. I can help you schedule that. If you want to make a poster campaign, it needs to be ready to go and displayed before May 10th. I can help you locate printing and get the needed permissions from officials.  If you do a social media campaign, some thought needs to go into how you will get it out to people before the end of the semester.

For a creative project, perhaps this topic inspires you to create a piece of creative writing or poetry, a song, a painting, a graphic novel, or a series of photographs (etc!). You can do anything you want to do, creatively, for this project.  Similarly to the above, you’ll want to have a goal of reaching a broader audience, or addressing a topic we didn’t have a chance to investigate in class, or providing the opportunity for people to interact and engage with the topic in a new way.
